This is a simple calculator application that allows users to perform basic arithmetic operations.

Prerequisites:

Java Development Kit (JDK) version 8 or later installed on your computer.

Running instructions:

The main method is the entry point of this program and is located under Calculator.java.

-First, compile the source code via javac *.java
-Second, run th calculator via java Calculator

-- The calculator will launch and you can start using it.

Usage:

The calculator supports addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, squaring, and square-rooting 
of positive and negative double values. Only one operator can be used during a single equation input,
and will toggle between operators when selecting a new one.

Button description / usage examples

Numerical buttons: 0-9 These buttons will append there value to the equation text box.

Period button: . This button appends its value to the equation text box.

Equal button: = This button performs calculations on the equation text box, and will return
an error or the result of the inputed equation. The equation must include an operator and 
the required number of operands (1 or 2). Additionally, the equation must be valid.

Clear button C This button clears the equation text box.

Delete button D This button deletes the last appended operator, operand digit, or neg sign.

Operator buttons + - * / M+ M- (Squared) (Square-Root) These buttons append the operator to the 
equal text box, or replace the current operator. Squared and Square-Root should be used after
a single operand to be valid. M+ and M- only work when a single operand is appended after them.
Additionally, they do not work with neg_ proceeding them (results in error).

M-Recall button M-Recall This button appends the value shown in the output text box to the equation
text box (saved value).

M-Clear button M-Clear This button resets the output value (saved value) to 0.0.

Negative button neg_ This button is used in front of inputed operand to make it negative.

Credits:

This project was created by Mason Wichman as part of SE 317 Lab 8.